my name is Ben Lyons I work at ESPN la
NBA TV and franchise magazine and while
those might sound like traditional
sports outlets I've been noticing more
and more that eSports are seeping into
our conversations and it's been really
cool to get a chance to meet the guys
today we will come out in a matter of
moments and you know you look at the
world of traditional sports where I come
from and I see the same passion I see
the same intensity I see the same
commitment to excellence and greatness
that you know those athletes have with
the athletes that you're going to come
and meet today and interact with today
so I'm very excited to be here you know
you look at the top players in the world
and how the industry is so rapidly
growing it's it's really amazing to be a
part of and to see all the work that TSM
is doing in the space and their
inclusion of course in legal legends na
LCS just a couple of weeks ago and of
course now to this partnership with a
sponsor like Gillette is really amazing
groundbreaking so congratulations to the
entire TSM team which are about to meet
in a matter of moments but first
speaking on behalf of Gillette I'd like
to introduce Greg vai
he's Gillette Procter & Gamble's head of
sports marketing he's got a lot of big
titles on his cards he's a big deal so
Greg come on up yeah I got the big hat
but no cattle as well as we say down
south but thank you man thank you for
the introduction thank you all for
joining us today very very excited about
the unveiling and very excited about our
relationship with TSM it's something we
were very very proud of but a little bit
about Gillette we are the world's
largest male grooming brand our male and
female grooming brand that's something
we were very proud of and we are about
over 120 year old history well one thing
we also that makes us very unique is
that over the last hundred years we've
been able to use sports athletes and
properties to drive the brand and to
reach our consumer so some of the things
that some of the get people and some of
the properties that we've been involved
with over the years I haven't the rumor
is I've been there for all the hundred
years but that's not quite true
it's close but some of the people that
we've been involved in some of the great
properties we have
we were the first and exclusive sponsor
of the major league baseball world
series on radio so some of you may
remember radio so that was that was kind
of fun was also unique it was also about
technology so we were at the forefront
of that we've also were a 40-year
sponsor of the World Cup we've been
involved with the NFL Major League
Baseball the NBA we've also been
involved with cricket and other sports
around the world and currently involved
with the Olympics we've also been
involved with a lot of great athletes a
lot of athletes in baseball and in the
early days but more recently great
athletes
cleek global athletes like Tiger Woods
Roger Federer Terry Inari Leo missing
currently on our roster we have a great
relationship with FC Bart Barcelona as a
premier partner we're involved with one
of our other talents is Thomas Muller
from Germany Antoine Griezmann from
France and the guy you may have heard of
Neymar jr. some kind of minor guy down
the road somewhere that that kicks the
ball around but we've been very very
lucky we've used these athletes and our
properties to reach our consumer to
really help us talk and give our message
and our message has always been around
innovation about technology and about
precision and this group has always
helped us do that where we've been also
really looking at where we're where do
we go next
and that forefront has been eSports
we've been looking at it for a number of
years this is not something we just
decided to turn on we've been involved
in gaming for a while with with with
some of the sports pieces but we've
really got interested in especially when
you're seeing the numbers you're seeing
the fan engagement and you see the
communities that eSports is built and
we've looked into it and said how do we
as Gillette become involved where we
become part of the conversation not just
look like we're trying to jump on the
bandwagon so we've done some pretty
unique things we did some test and learn
we were involved with the ESA Hall event
and kind of each in Poland
signed our first eSport athlete expect a
a really nice young man who I've got to
spend a lot of time with and actually
learned a lot over there and just
tremendous person and then we also
looked to say okay how do we take that
take our learnings take all of our just
everything that we're about and where do
we go next and so that led us down the
path to team solomon TSM and where we've
really created a true partnership we
announced our partnership several months
ago but we've also been working very
closely with them for them to help us
with the space but also working closer
for them and helping them with some of
the things that we know within Procter &
Gamble with Gillette and growing brands
it's something we're very very proud of
we're happy to be here today we'll take
any more of your time up but I want to
introduce the founder of TSM the owner
it actually say a good friend we enjoyed
dinner last night so Andy thing hey guys
so first off thanks for having me here
I'm Andy and just like Ben just like Ben
said it's honestly been so amazing to
see how far you sports has grown right
when I started we are competing in
stadiums with I mean not even stadiums I
would say theaters convention centers
with just 5,200 people and within the
last five years we're seeing players
compete in massive stadiums stadiums
around the world like the Madison Square
Garden the Staples Center even some of
the stadiums that that are used for the
Olympians rate with like up to 60,000
people so it's it's it's really crazy to
be a part of the whole process we're
competing in official leagues now we're
working with sports teams and we're
working with some of the biggest
sponsors in the world like like July and
that makes me so proud to be a part of
the Gillette family they're a brand
about excellence they work with Neymar
jr. they work with Messi and from an
eSports perspective if you think about
excellence you generally associated with
excellence because we've been a team
that's gone to practically every single
final in the LCS so out of 10 LCS finals
we've gone to 10 of them and we want
six and I think philosophically our
brand is about excellence we always
strive to be the best we always strive
to win and whenever there's room for
improvement we always look to improve
and I think I think that fits really
well Gillette because they work with the
best athletes they work with the best
teams and they're always trying to make
their product better they're always
trying to improve their razors and
they're a leader in their industry
similar to how we are a leader in our
industry and not only that but just
looking at this event looking at how far
east boards has grown you know three
four years ago I would have never
expected to be a part of even this press
event where you guys are here now
listening to me speak about eSports I
was just a little kid that dropped out
of high school went to college and
started this all as a hobby so seeing
this all grow in this way this fast is
amazing seeing Gillette be involved with
TSM believing in eSports believing in
our team believing in our players just
truly gets me excited they've done so
much just lost just just even a couple
weeks ago right after worlds you know
from a TSM perspective we're or a small
start-up we're used to working with our
camera guy max Andrew with just a small
production team and seeing them send
several production trucks to our house
with toast a hundred people hundred
cameramen there just got me real excited
and they're there honestly a great
partner they're treating us just like
we're we're Neymar we're messy and that
makes me really proud to be here anyways
thanks guys I wanted to introduce to the
song our head coach thank you Andy and
Thank You Jeanette for having me here
today I'm happy to take on this new
floors coach s coach for TSM and then
malocchio you know
que c'est moi nd a gain on Shaun King
God was totally untrue some way this all
comes how cool check ooh you don't need
a stake it at all no more keep the well
I want to thank and the NTS Emperor
giving me opportunity to work with the
team and very good players that we have
right now and I'm really happy that I
get to be the coach of that this early
team that we get to have Roberto tenon
Tillett Ronon ha ha yo me bitches can do
yoga or Google's own agility beyond ugh
little Academy ah go Hong Kong short one
she let her go second 800 ashes studio
collision re Hong Kong later Simon and
Sam also even Turkish team Kakashi yogi
I saw no children ago Archie it'll get
them ill hockey team na na na na hoona
man kata-kata saw take a kid away from
them de for me
geladas are very familiar names because
kayla is like the top brand in korea -
so like you've been using that daily I
even use it this morning - and I'm
really happy that a big name like you
like I can work work with TSM and being
part of them makes me really excited for
Oh Matty McGraw Hansen check Oh gotta
give a dog a cool case tomato sauce
avocado
I'm sure what I give ESO door tell me a
such a great image man take a photo
chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya jimmy the Sutro
so much hidden cheddar and a door over
his whole todo de tributo calendar I've
been always a parent to be the best and
right now - yes I'm the best team in
North America but I want to make it the
best team in the world
so I hope we can work together and
become the best that we can be thank you
[Applause]
alright thanks coach
now's the time it's the first public
appearance of the entire TSM roster and
are the first media opportunities first
time we're gonna see these athletes
adorn the famous and iconic TSM Jersey
so a lot of first today we're gonna get
through them all but I would like to
first introduce the athletes the eSports
athletes let's bring them out so
starting off this lineup for TSM in 2018
Alfonso mithy Rodriguez
come on out make some noise guys go all
energy and here Jess first fence
Bennigsen Soren bjergsen bjerk Mike
young young and Kevin hunter Yarnell
there you have it ladies and gentlemen
the 2018 Team solomid roster
congratulations guys let's line you up
for a little photo you want to just take
all the photos for yourself there in the
front and you do that too no less yeah
you guys all lined up get a team photo
here
all right everybody's get their shot now
I know this is the first time the team
has formally been together publicly so
some of you guys have jersey some of you
do not so somewhere do you want to pass
out a few there to the guys who don't
have them who are new to the team it's a
big moment and we'll hold them all up
maybe on the front side first and then
we'll do the back side so there you go
in Kevin yes I said raise him up cool
now but yeah we do the back soren you
got this
all right now time to put the jerseys on
let's make sure we put them on the right
way well done that before so yeah first
time we get everybody rockin them
good
TSM feels good huh nice we got smile
that's amazing Stoke it's very cool all
right let's get everybody looking good
looking clean looking fresh sweet we get
those all right time for a little
surprise we all a surprise now behind
you all right is it right in front of
them yeah right in front you guys we got
a little gift for you guys on behalf of
Gillette to really formalize this
partnership and you take a look at those
[Laughter]
IG let razor with a custom 3d handle got
the TSM logo the in-game name of each
player to celebrate being a part of the
2018 roster so there you go Missy Stokes
that guy got a jersey and a razor ease
this is sweet yeah it rocks
yeah it's gay everybody holding up the
razors right get their shots everybody's
good cool you guys can take a seat and
we've got another quick little surprise
for you as well
you know Gillette and TSM as everybody's
mentioned today share a lot of qualities
in common obviously a pursuit to be the
best a focus and a determination to
innovate and to embrace technology into
and there are a lot of comparisons
obviously between the two brands so we
want to share with you a little teaser
of a hero shot that will be coming out
very soon but we've got a quick little 5
seconds or so blink and you'll miss it
so I think we can all dress the monitor
here and take a little look of what's to
come
[Applause]
yeah how you feel dude that's pretty
cool
looks cool yeah you want to run it again
you should run one more time you want to
run it again
it's another example of Gillette TSM
coming together to really innovate and
create a really special sponsorship and
partnership so I've been talking a lot
of I know everybody wants to hear from
you guys so we'll start with a little
Q&A I want to start with bjergsen and
Hunter guys what are you most looking
forward to when it comes to the new
additions to the squad you got some new
teammates this year well you know
sometimes change has to happen and with
our with our past roster we've had you
know some problems that we weren't able
to fix in time for worlds and with this
new roster we might have some new
problems but I know that those old
problems will be almost like a gun and
I'm excited to play with these new
players they're all really well known
and they have just a lot of good
understanding a game a lot of good skill
and working with them will be really fun
so we're - how about for you what are
you looking forward to with the new
additions to the roster I think is this
really motivating to get a whole new set
of teammates motivating for all of us to
work harder and it's nice with a I guess
fresh breath of air and having new
people come in with their perspective of
the game or strategy I think we'll all
learn a lot from that for the new guys
on the team what does it mean to be a
part of TSM and what made you guys
decide to join the squad
I think both TSM and I have in common
that we have both been destroying our
domestic league in LCS but we have like
kind of lackluster performances at msi
or at Worlds and one your new team you
get this honeymoon
feeling where our king is great for a
while I want a little motivation to you
know become the best and I mean you
always have that but they have a new
fresh breath of air and TSM is probably
the biggest team in America the best one
for sure and they have you know great
branding great sponsors like to add and
a great team as well good players and
nice guys so TSM is the optimal choice
for me bu well I've been wanting to join
TSM for a while now but I never really
had the the right time it was never
really the right time because I wanted
to join together with them so now that
I'm finally here it's like a dream come
true I've said it a lot of times but
it's it really is the truth I've always
wanted to win both EU and then a LCS
that's like my my biggest goal right now
so that's something I'm striving for and
I want to also perform at the Worlds I
want to do well and I think that's
something that we all have in common in
TSM and also planet enough with Jeanette
is that we want to be the best and I
think that's something that we're gonna
achieve together why camera for you what
does it mean for you to be a part of TSM
and what do you think you bring to the
team well so personally for me I'm kind
of like an unknown quantity when it
comes to my potential and I knew from
the start when two years back three
years back that TSM was going to be the
best platform for me to improve and for
me to reach my heights and I'm very
confident that I'll be able to do that
when the kind when the time comes for me
to really prove that I am the best and I
just appreciate that like gaming and
eSports is really pushing towards like
more professionalism so with like brands
that are coming in from normal sports
from like NFL from Olympic sports like
Gillette I really do see like eSports
reaching like one of the most you know
view games one of the most viewed
audiences like sports to watch
now I've followed the NBA and follow the
NFL for a long time and I've seen many
athletes make very bold predictions at
press conferences just like this so I
want to see that in the eSports
community as well do you guys have any
big predictions for the 2018 season for
TSM I think it's pretty obvious that
we're gonna win the NA LCS it's kind of
a given at this point but I thought its
kind of hard to tell because we still
need to play together as a team to see
how will perform internationally I'm
hopeful but I'm not gonna make any full
predictions on that I'm out for the new
additions to the team what do you guys
think is gonna happen in the new season
I've been in this position before where
I said something stupid and then it
backfires it hard so I think I'm not too
much to claim view on winning na LCS
this year I'm gonna be the first players
to win both even na LCS but I'm not
gonna say that but I think there's a
good chance we may finals at least and
then we're gonna win I'd say I'd say
that the minimum goal should be to win
na LCS and make it other groups at
Worlds what are you guys doing now that
you're assembled and you're here in Los
Angeles and you have to work on your
chemistry what are you guys doing around
LA how are you enjoying this great city
I heard we're going for food taking them
out for good food Mickey just landed
last night so we didn't have a chance to
do a whole lot yet but we're going out
for our team dinner tonight and should
probably plan some other activities too
you know there's a lot of things to see
and do in LA and I'm sure we'll go out
and do things as a team I'm curious how
does that sort of camaraderie and that
bond that you guys form from going out
to dinner or going to the beach or
hanging out in LA how does that then
impact your performance as a team
together you know as when TSM
you know plays I think the most
important thing when we hang out outside
of the gaming room and like outside of
practice is that we build a bond
together so that we can really go into
the small details when it comes to the
gameplay and make sure that we're
covering every single aspect yeah I
think when you have a solid friendship
outside the game it allows you to kind
of be harder and criticize your
teammates when there's things that you
feel like they should be doing
differently or if they give you
criticism you're able to take that not
be defensive and if your friends you
know that when they're criticizing you
it's because they want the best for you
and the best for your team not because
they're trying to tell you that you suck
or something Kevin we talked about how
the the new additions to the team are
gonna you know help things obviously in
the new season but as someone who's been
a part of TSM how will the new team
member in Gillette really help change
things you think for the upcoming season
you know I think it just goes to show
that you know like Gillette's one of the
biggest brands out there and TSM is also
one of the biggest east-west brands out
there so the combination of the two
coming together just really helps
progress eSports as a whole and shows
that you know we're becoming more
mainstream it's going to become a lot
more serious in future and that like the
first step going forward for eSports
enemies will be the most handsome team
on stage I was gonna say yes you know
now that you're part of Gillette you
guys are gonna be looking fresh so
Sauron if you can go down the line so
just break down everyone's look now that
everyone's all clean shaven no who
spends the most amount of time in the
mirror every day before you guys
practice Oh beep I shared a hotel room
with Kevin once and I'm pretty sure he
thought I was asleep and he was checking
himself out shirtless in the mirror so
I think I'll go together but he's
probably the most handsome with his
shirt off too so what do you think it's
most intimidating as intimidating look
you think because you know he's the most
famous he's got a million followers on
Twitter it's it's kind of scary to talk
to him on the backside you don't you
don't want to do that good stuff guys
I'm gonna open it up now to questions
from the press that we have here is
anybody have a question for Team TSM
questions what you journalists no
questions at our press conference yeah
here we go all right Travis Canford for
Travis Cafferty sports very curious you
know you had mentioned that you guys had
hoped or meant that you mentioned you
want to come over to TSM for a while was
it always a plan for you this offseason
to try to get to TSM and it was a just a
conversation between you and van how did
that whole negotiation process go well I
can't go into too much detail but the
main idea for us was to like reach well
I wanted I wanted to go to North America
because I had to go to win the NA LCS so
we wanted to stick together go to an a
and join a competitive team and TSM was
pretty much the main team for us to look
forward to because they excelled at
those three those three things
any other questions I have a question
quickly for Andy just what does it feel
like you want to come up here quickly if
what does it feel like for you to see
the entire TSM team up here with
Gillette and the jerseys I can see you
smiling in the front row but I want you
to share those feelings with everyone
here today it's honestly an amazing
experience going into the offseason
there was there's there's just so much
an uncertainty rate what I wanted out
about the offseason was I wanted to put
together the best possible team going to
Worlds and losing was so discouraging
I mean I don't want to go and tell you
guys like a really long story why
Creighton TSM right but the the the
short version is I only created TSM as a
hobby and the only reason why could TSM
was to really win worlds and after such
a disappointing season I went to
offseason with the expectation to build
the best possible team in the Western
Hemisphere I reached out to every single
player that I wanted the the best coach
the best ball in the west and even the
best general that was in free agency and
I got them all I'm so proud to to have
this roster here today with Gillette
we're working with Gillette best sponsor
we can have working with all these
players they're great they're amazing
and you know they're pretty much the
best players in their position in the
West and so I I would have to say I got
it I practically got it got it all this
offseason I could've done better and I'm
just so proud of myself as well
congratulations that's amazing I with
that I think it's time for us to say
goodbye so one more time a round of
applause for the 2018 TSM roster I want
to thank Gillette of course and all of
you guys for coming and having us be
part of your day thank you so much thank
you
let's go boys hello everyone this is
Travis cafard and thank you so much for
supporting me here on my youtube channel
where I do lots of interviews and videos
if you would like to support me more you
can check me out in the description
below thank you I sounded like Squidward
I think you sound like Squidward to me